Heke-He-Taua The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Kina The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Koura The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Kumara The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Mango-Pare The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Maui The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Papaka-Hue The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Paua The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Pitau-Manaia The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Puawaitanga The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Punawaiora The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Taniwharau The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Tohora The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Tuna The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Waipuke The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Heke-Whetu-Marama The kowhaiwhai patterns on the heke were designed by master carver Takirirangi Smith and artists Nick Tupara and Gus Hunter. The patterns reflect both traditional and contemporary themes.
Tukutuku-Kaokao This pattern was dedicated to the warrior who came under the protection of the war God, Tumatauenga. This pattern was also known as 'takapau wharanui' which was used on all important marriage mats of older times.
Tukutuku-Patikitiki This pattern is likened to the flounder and portrays favourable times. It is a familiar pattern on kete, whariki, tatua and taniko.
Tukutuku-Waewae-Paakura This design came from the secret message sent by Rongomaituaho to Paikea, and Paikea having received the message in the form of three angled stitches, tied them the opposite way and sent them back. It means to communicate.
Tukutuku-Porourangi A design introduced by Sir Apirana Ngata, representing the famous ancestor Porourangi of the Tairawhiti district.
Tukutuku-Poutama Poutama (step-like pattern) has both religious and educational meanings. The steps symbolise levels of attainment and advancement. At one time, Poutama was the only pattern used in tukutuku.
Tukutuku-Te-Tumu-Herenga-Waka This pattern depicts the name of the Wharenui; 'the tying post of the canoes'.
